hi YouTube this video is going to be on
some answers that you guys were asking
me in this question video that I had a
while back with my giveaway so if you
want to see if your question got
answered then stay tuned for more but if
you really don't want to watch this
video then you can click over there at
the red X and not watch this but um I
hope you watch this and if you have any
other questions feel free to comment
below thank you
one hundred percent Brazilian adopted
from Brazil when I was a little little
little baby and now I live in the United
States so to your question what's your
ethnicity I'm Brazilian many people
think i'm asian or like a mix but I am
Brazilian a hundred percent
I am currently in a relationship with my
boyfriend who's in the back of this way
over there that's us and his name's
Wyatt we've been together for over three
years and yeah so I have a boyfriend
he's so cute I love him
my favorite online store would have to
be outlook.com and i'll post a link
below but they have like amazing deals
on clothes um each day or it depends on
every week but they usually have
specials I'm like really good designer
brand handbags sunglasses makeup they
pretty much have everything that you can
think of that somebody could sell and
they're really decent prices so that
would be my favorite online store
so after I graduate high school which is
going to be in May then i am going to
college for business and marketing in
retail so
Huck's would have to be a green tea iced
latte but I don't really go to starbucks
that much because I'm stuck at my school
and it's in the middle of nowhere so
there's no starbucks but if i was home
and I decided to go to Starbucks which I
don't really go to starbucks that much
I'd probably just get either an iced
caramel Frappuccino or a ice cream tea
frappuccino or a latte because I love
anything green tea
obviously the sexiest men alive is wes
scantlin I don't love mud if you guys
don't know like the song blurry
everything so blurry and everyone so
fake that song but if you don't know
that song then you should go check out
their band because they are awesome but
um I am so obsessed with wes scantlin I
have posters up there I have every
single song I even made a t-shirt that's
as I love West Scantlin because I'm just
crazy obsessed with him don't think I'm
weird
some other hobbies that I like our to
cook and I'm an artist so currently in
school I'm painting this abstract
painting it's kind of caught it's
colorful it's pinks and purples and
orange and red and yellow it's like all
the cause of the rainbow kind of but um
when I finish it i will be posting
pictures on my youtube channel and maybe
i'll do just a video based on my artwork
but i've completed so that's a big hobby
of mine is artwork
for chapstick or carmax as opposed to
lipstick or lip gloss in the winter
season because if your lips aren't like
moisturized and soft then lipstick won't
really look good on your lips so I am in
love with this lush bubble gum lip scrub
and if you haven't heard this then you
should probably get on the bandwagon and
buy one because they are so helpful to
exfoliate your lips and it's just an
amazing product so my favorite thing is
probably the lush bubble gum lip scrub
for the winter
if my boyfriend Wyatt is probably this
restaurant called I think it's called
little Q but it might be called Qi might
be mispronouncing the title but it's
basically a it's like an Asian
restaurant they have sushi and they also
have something called hot pot which is
like they bring you you pick a broth of
soup like it could be tummy on me so
spicy and they place it in front of you
and they put on the flame and then you
pick different things to put in it leg
you can get like um chicken beef and
then vegetables it's kind of like fondue
II but it's like the Asian version and
it is so yummy like if you have like a
hot pot place near you then I would try
it out because every time I go there
there's a line out the door because it's
just so good
half only a few piercings have my nose I
got this done I believe a year ago last
februari but I don't really remember um
but I know that I have to on this ear
and four on this year with my cartilage
and I've always wanted to get my belly
button done or something like that so
you guys enjoyed this video it was kind
of brief but I hope that your questions
were answered that you guys had for me
and if you have any other questions just
comment below and I will get back to you
either in a message or through the
comments and as always add rate like and
subscribe and leave requests down below
or you can message me or email me by my
email because the more requests you guys
have I'll always be able to do them so
don't forget that so I hope you guys
have a great night and i'll talk to you
guys later